Streamline explanation for closures (#37826)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/guide/functions/index.md

console.log(getCode()); // "0]Eal(eh&2"
```

> In the code above, a concept called [IIFE](/en-US/docs/Glossary/IIFE) (Immediately Invoked Function Expression) is used which self executes as soon as it is made. Since it's not a named function, we know that it can not be called directly. Closure allows the unnamed returned function to know the details of `apiCode` without `apiCode` being in its local scope. Hence there is no way for changing the value of `apiCode`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the code above, a pattern called [IIFE](/en-US/docs/Glossary/IIFE) (Immediately Invoked Function Expression) is used, which executes the outer function expression as soon as it is defined. Within this IIFE scope, two values exist: a variable `apiCode` and an unnamed function that gets returned and gets assigned to the variable `getCode`. `apiCode` is in the scope of the returned unnamed function but not in the scope of any other part of the program, so there is no way for reading the value of `apiCode` apart from via the `getCode` function.
```
